hey nerds okay this is really weird cuz
I'm actually doing this for my ipad it's
really straight and no filler obviously
it's like 10 to 12 going on after noon
ish I should get the bus into town
because I'm having coffee and oh this is
so awkward okay i know my hair's a mess
I look like a mess but yeah and this is
different this is different and so yeah
so any news I know it's kind of weird
not used to this big cuz I'm used to
this little thing at least this I'm not
like that's fine whatever pity can
switch between filters on this while
it's like going you're funny and yeah
press vlog from the ipad it's kind of
cool but this is really like I'm yeah so
what's everyone doing for Valentine's
Day and what's this button oh that's
kind of funky it's a little bit here and
they can either go like really zoom or
iPad I
of the song Lana Del Rey ready yo
no I don't miss you my notes ok add
yours who am I looking because i'm using
the pin over here but suck here adios
I'll make it all the video later on with
this is the test run postural only I've
had with social cam yeah I juice